Amazon’s most asked interview questions
2.4
1) K largest elements from a big file or array.

2) Find a triplet a, b, c such that a2 = b2 + c2. Variations of this problem like find a triplet with sum equal to 0. Find a pair with given sum. All such questions are efficiently solved using hashing. – Practice here

3) Binary tree traversal questions like left view, right view, top view, bottom view, maximum of a level, minimum of a level, children sum property, diameter etc.

4) Convert a Binary tree to DLL – Practice here

5) Lowest Common ancestor in a Bianry Search Tree and Binary Tree.

7) Implement a stack with push(), pop() and min() in O(1) time.

8) Reverse a linked list in groups of size k – Practice here

9) Given two numbers represented by two linked lists, write a function that returns sum list – Practice here

10) Rotate a matrix by 90 degree.

11) Stock span problem

12) Next greater element

12) Some Dynamic Programming problems like:

Maximum sum subarray such that no elements are consecutive – Practice here
Edit distance
Assembly line scheduling
13) Why Amazon?

14) Questions about projects done in previous company or final year.


Level – Easy

Get minimum element from stack – Practice here
Serialize and deserialize a binary tree – Practice here
Print a binary tree in a vertical order – Practice here
Celebrity problem – Practice here
Level order traversal
Swap the kth element from starting and from the end position – Practice here
Binary tree to bst – Practice here
Max sum in the configuration – Practice here
Find the nth element of spiral matrix – Practice here
Count the number of occurrences in a sorted array
Find the smallest window in a string containing all characters of another string
Find the maximum of all subarrays of size k
Multiply two numbers represented as a linked list.
Find the kth smallest element in row wise and column wise sorted matrix
Minimum swaps required to arrange pairs
There is an array of N numbers ranging from 1 to N. Only 1 number is missing, return the index of that number
Find the second largest and second smallest in a given array in single traversal.
Find power(x,y) without using pow function.(divide and conquer approach required)
Count possible decoding sequence
Level – Medium

Given two string print them inter leaving strings characters
Minimum cost required to travel from top left to the bottom right in a matrix
Maximum difference between node and its ancestors – Practice here
Min distance between two given nodes of a binary tree – Practice here
Find the number of island – Practice here
Topological Sort – Practice here
Detect cycle in a directed graph – Practice here
Flattening a link list – Practice here
Detect a loop in a linked list – Practice here
Check if a binary tree is BST or not
Min Cost path
Count ways to reach nth stair
Maximum Subarray Problem
Palindrome Partitioning
Given a binary tree find the minimum root to leaf height.
Implement LRU cache
Level – Hard

Boolean paranthesis – Practice here
Maximum Index – Practice here
Largest Number formed in the array – Practice here
Find the length of maximum numbers of consecutive numbers jumped up in an array
Delete the elements in a linklist whose sum is equal to zero
Given a list of numbers of odd length design an algorithm to remove a number and divide the rest numbers equaly so as it makes there sum same
Find diameter of a binary tree
